Release RC2 (#271)
JoshOrndorff/recipes: pallets/execution-schedule/README.md

# Execution Schedule

> This pallet abstracts away the scheduling of task execution and governs the priority of tasks using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This pallet provides an abstraction over task execution scheduling and an API to govern the priority of tasks using
```
